>> Brian Holt: So
I am going to make you write it.
So if we go to exercise here.
>> Brian Holt: I have
three functions here.
Preorder, inorder, and postorder.
Here, I'm gonna very strongly
recommend that you turn off
the auto-run behavior,
because this is going to be recursive.
It doesn't have to be recursive, but
I made it recursive, it makes it easier.
And then go ahead and write these and
then you can see down here the tree
that I've created for you.
I believe the tree that I gave you is,
let me just make sure.
>> Brian Holt: Nope, it's not.
Okay, never mind.
Anyway, this is your tree right here.
>> Brian Holt: And then you can see here,
this is what it is going
to expect back from you.
This is a valid binary search tree so
your in order traversal will
give you back a sorted list.
>> Brian Holt: Cool.
>> Brian Holt: So what you're going to do
here is you're going to take in an array,
the array will be given to you.
And then each node you'll
process differently, obviously.
>> Student: Can you describe
the nodes specifically?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, they just,
they have a value and a left and a right.
>> Brian Holt: So every one of these is
going to be called with this tree exactly.
>> Brian Holt: Actually,
let's see if I look here.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, in any case,
so [COUGH] I want you to take
this particular tree and
then I want you to add every
element in this tree to an array.
And then these three will differ based
on what order you add it to that array.
Each one of these took me maybe
five lines of code total,
so just to give you an idea
of the magnitude of code you
should be writing,
>> Brian Holt: Let me make sure
that's true before I truly surf it.
Yeah, five lines of code each.
So give or take ten lines of code,
not take but give maybe.
[LAUGH] Cool, I will give you, let's say,
another 15 minutes to work on this.
And then we'll talk about it and move on.